<h2><b>Introduction</b></h2>
<p>Content is everywhere. It’s on the Web, on your phone, in your inbox, on your file system. Content is commented, followed, shared, or retweeted. Content is produced through social networks, through Web forms, through mobile applications. Content is created by your customers, your market, by thought leaders, employees, and other enterprises. They are sharing opinions, ideas, comments, requesting information, expressing concerns, discussing technologies and products and influencing. Valuable information is trending within those conversations, threads, and posts.</p>
<p>Uncovering and translating social data into tangible insights has become one of the key challenges for Sentiment Analysis technology providers wanting to propose a real social mining solution to their users. Not all opinions are expressed equally and might not have the same business value. Opinions expressed by a market influencer on his/her blog or by a customer through a personal tweet have different impacts. A Sentiment Analysis solution needs to provide a rich set of contextual information that helps you understand what is really being said about you, your products, or your brand and to what extent, and through which channels are impacting you and what you can do about it.</p>

<h2><b>Sentiment Analytics Engine</b></h2>
<p>The <b>Sentiment Analysis Engine</b> is a specialized classification engine used to identify and evaluate subjective patterns and expressions of sentiment within textual content. The analysis is performed at the topic, sentence, and document level and is configured to recognize whether portions of text are factual or subjective and, in the latter case, if the opinion expressed within these pieces of content are positive, negative, mixed, or neutral.</p>
<p>Combining machine learning with natural language processing techniques on top of <u>WhatsApp</u>, the Sentiment Analysis Engine module is one of the most powerful engines available out of the box.  With full support of English, users can spot where the subjectivity lies within their content and identify trends on topics, brands, people and more, regardless of the language.</p>



